- You can touch it if
you want, I don't care.
(laughing)
- Dude, why does that
feel so natural though?
(light music)
- Hi, I'm Ilah Dizon.
- Like, honestly, I've considered
cosmetic surgery before,
so I don't see a problem in it.
- Actually, a tummy tuck.
I gained 85 pounds during
pregnancy and I lost 70 of it,
so there's a lot of loose
skin and stretch marks.
You can see that.
Hi.
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
- I'm John.
Nice to meet you.
I didn't have penis reduction surgery.
(laughing)
- I mean.
Is this one of those shootings
where I ask people to
take their shirts off?
- Okay, dude.
(whooping)
- Yep, yep.
(clapping)
Work it.
I think you got a boob reduction.
- So I got my moobs reduced?
- I guess, yeah.
- All right.
Okay, I have not had my breasts reduced.
- Okay, okay.
- But now I'm gonna think about it.
(laughing)
- Dude, I'm so sorry.
- No, you're good.
- It looked like a different shape.
- So I pretty much just
had work done on my face.
- Okay.
- And it's all just been like
pretty much like Botox
and fillers and Kybella.
I got rid of my double chin.
- Dude, I need Kybella.
- No, you don't.
- It'll happen.
- But your face is gorgeous.
Why?
- Well, I think just
preventative maintenance.
- Oh, got it.
- I can't control my moobs
but I can control my face.
- No, you don't have moobs!
- I'm teasing.
- It was nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
- Okay, girl.
- Hi.
- You're gorgeous.
- Oh, shut up.
- You look like a Barbie.
Oh my god.
You already know where I'm staring.
You got a boob job.
- I got a boob job.
- Yeah, she got.
- So, I had a vaginoplasty done.
They made my outie an innie.
- Exactly.
- I go back in at the end of September,
they're gonna do a second procedure.
The labioplasty's kinda like
a face lift for your vagina.
- They do that?
- Yeah, a lot of women who have children,
actually, get labioplasties too.
- Yeah, I probably should look into that.
- Because loose lips.
- I'm honestly scared
they'll see what it looks like.
Oh my god, I'm afraid.
(laughing)
It's so nice to meet you.
- It was good meeting you.
- We're twinsies.
- Oh, yeah.
I mean, I see scars on knees.
So I wouldn't consider
surgery on the knees
or the back as cosmetic.
No, I don't think she's
had cosmetic surgery.
I think she's had multiple surgeries.
- How many surgeries
do you think I've had?
- That was a lot of scars, I would say--
- Yeah, honestly, how many?
- At least 10.
- That's a good guess.
- Okay, what, how many?
- Lot more.
- A lot more?
- 21.
(groans)
- Holy shit.
Have any of them been for cosmetic?
- Yes.
- Which ones?
- I've had an orthognathic jaw surgery.
I guess you could say like
facial reconstruction.
And then my boobs.
- Oh, well, they're gorgeous.
- I got me some, thank you.
- You're amazing.
- Well, so are you.
- Thank you.
(clapping)
- I'm sweating.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- I'm Curtis.
- Nice to meet you, Curtis.
- Nice to meet you.
- Just gonna do the
walk around real quick.
Your lips are really plump, too.
Though it could be a filler.
I feel like it's lip because
they're really plump.
- So, I've had nothing
done, lips are real.
I use lip plumper, but
it's just like a top coat.
It's like a chapstick.
- What the hell?
You can do that?
- Yeah.
Do you want to try some?
- Can I try some?
- Do you want to try some right now?
- Yes.
- Okay.
- Oh!
- Just gonna click it up.
- Oh my god.
Is this supposed to sting?
- Oh yeah.
- Oh my god!
Why didn't you warn me?
- Just wait, give it five more seconds.
- Dude, this is hurting.
- Doesn't it make you
want to pucker, like?
- I'm salivating, do you see it?
- Yeah, don't lick it, yeah.
(laughs)
Dude, she's literally drooling.
- I'm drooling.
- You can wipe it off, it'll come off.
(laughs)
- Are you supposed to drool?
- I've never drooled like
that, but you do you, boo.
- Like, is it working?
- Yeah, they look good.
- Really?
I'm gonna be talking funny
the rest of the time,
you shoulda saved that for last.
- Hi, I'm Marney, nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
- Okay, instantly just
because it's plain as day,
you have nice breasts.
- Thank you.
- Okay, I don't actually
see stretch marks.
Have you ever had kids?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Huh, are you wearing a push-up bra?
- No.
- Come on.
No breasts are just
naturally that perky, right?
I feel like you've got a boob job.
- Yes.
- Okay, and, if I might add,
did you get a tummy tuck?
Because you had kids, I'm
guessing you had a tummy tuck.
I mean, that's what I would do.
- Yes.
- You had a tummy tuck, too?
(claps)
Anything else, you think I have done?
- No, I feel like it was just.
Really?
Really, was it?
(overlapping chattering)
I thought that was a natural, just.
- Well, there was one upon a time.
(laughing)
- Hey, okay.
(clapping)
You look amazing.
- Hi, nice to meet you.
- Anna.
- Anna?
What is your ethnicity?
- I'm Korean.
Well, part Japanese.
- Part Japanese, part Korean.
- Why are you asking?
- Because I'm trying to look
at facial structure right now.
And then your nose, you have a bridge,
which is surprising
because a lot of Asians,
like even in my family,
we don't have bridges.
No, I'm gonna guess the nose.
- I didn't get my nose done.
- Damn it.
So you're all natural, aren't you?
- I am all natural now.
(giggles)
- What in the hell is
that supposed to mean?
Oh, wait, wait, did you
take out breast implants?
- Yes.
- Why did you choose to do that?
- To get 'em done or get 'em taken out?
- To get 'em removed, yeah.
- Because I didn't feel
like I was myself anymore.
- Do you like your body now
more than you did before
your breast implants?
- I think I appreciate myself more.
- Do you think I should get any work done?
- No, I think you're beautiful.
- Thank you.
Oh my gosh, yeah, so nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, too.
- Thank you so much.
Oh my gosh.
- Nice to meet you.
- Davion.
I feel like this is a curveball.
Twerk, twerk.
(laughing)
Nah, it's not the booty,
it's not the booty.
Do you feel comfortable
taking off your shirt?
Ah!
I see the scars.
Does that mean that you
transitioned your chest
from, let's say, my chest, your chest.
- That's correct, yeah.
Most people don't get it, but yeah.
- Did you take your
innie and make an outie?
- Not yet.
How would you even do that?
- It's a long process.
I mean, you can, most
people use their inner arm
to make their phallus, but
I'm gonna go to the U.K.,
'cause they've recently discovered
that they can use the inner part of.
- It is a time to be alive.
It was so nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, too.
(clapping)
- I'm gonna give you the walk around here.
Girl, you already know,
you already know, okay?
All right, okay?
We like big butts and we
cannot lie, all right?
You're making my ass feel smaller.
- You can touch it if
you want, I don't care.
That feels so weird.
- Dude, why does that
feel so natural, though?
Like, you could set a cup on it.
I feel like they're implants.
Were they?
- My ass?
- Yeah.
- No, my ass is not implants.
- What the hell?!
That's real?
- Yeah, my ass is real.
- I'm sorry, I feel like a pervert.
Um--
- It's real.
(clapping)
- It was nice to meet you.
- That was exciting and painful.
I know what ass feels like now.
I'm very, all about body positivity.
But I don't think me wanting
to get a tummy tuck changes that.
So, no, I thought this was extremely fun.
(clapping)
- Good job.
- Group hug!